Part 1:

So...

Once you have extracted the zip file, you will see a folder called 'A Holistic Adventure in Education'. We open this folder.

After opening it, you will see a file named 'Start Here.html'. Open it with a web browser, preferably with Firefox.

On opening it, you can see the title - Understanding a Statement on the Internet. Now read the whole page. Only read it. Do not click anywhere. Once you read the whole page, you can continue on to the next video.

Part 2:

Now that you have read the whole page, let's see what it says. This paragraph speaks about something known as "Level 0" questions. The next paragraph asks you to be brave. This is a long adventure, and so, you'll need patience to complete it.

So, what does this paragraph say? 
.
.
.
.
.
(10 s)
Read it. It says "First, read the entire page, and then decide where you should go."

It asks us to check out the "Level 0" questions at the bottom of the page. These ones. Only the level 0 questions. Once you open and read the answers to these questions - not these - you can continue to the next video.

Part 3:

Let's check out the answer to the first question. Right click on the link and open it in a new tab. 

As you must have understood, you need not understand the first or the third paragraph. You must understand the second one. It says that you must first understand the answers to all the level 0 questions - all of them - before checking out level 1 or 2 questions. So, for example, this is a level 0 question - so, you must understand this question, unless it is explicitly stated that you need not understand it.

The answer to the second question is just an index - it has all the questions in this hypertextbook. This also has a use that we will see in the next video.

Part 4:

On to the third question. Again, it says that you need not understand the first paragraph. But you must understand the second and third paragraphs.

Given that you have read this page, I will illustrate it. Now, this is the Start Here page.
Take a look at the questions. As suggested in the page on navigation - this page - check which of them are level 0 questions. These ones? Right? Next, read each question. Read the first question. Suppose you know what an election is, so we move on to the next question. Suppose you know what BJP is. You move on to the next. Suppose you do not know the 3rd question - What is NDA. You open it, read it, try to understand it. You can summarise it in your own words in your notebook.  That's all the second paragraph says.

To understand the question better, you take a look at the leading questions. Now, suppose you want to know about political parties. You open the page. And after reading and trying to understand it, you want to take a break. Then, we follow what has been written in the third paragraph on the page on navigation - this page. We are to note down the route number and topic name on the top of the page we were on. In this case, the topic is Social Science and the Route Number is 06. Note this down in your notebook. After returning from the break you are to visit the index page, and find the question with that route number under that topic - in this case, the topic is Social Science and Route Number is 06. And you are at the same location you were before taking the break. So, suppose you take the break, and close the window. After returning from the break, you open the Start Here page. Then, you can go the index from here, and resume your journey. 

Happy journey!


