At one point of time, I dreamt of a school. Having known the hurdles to establish the school, the resources required to manage it good, and its limitations, I gave up on thaqt path. Instead, I thought, why not make a document that enlightens the reader with all the necessary knowledge, that enlightens the reader how to seek knowledge and create knowledge.

In this 'A Holistic Adventure in Education', I have made an effort to promote learning with the help of curiosity. [Our HSC class 11 and 12 had made such an effort - and it made learning grammar from that book, in an organized manner, incredibly difficult.] While I have been a subject of such a process, if an overview exists, this mode of learning "seems" to be highly interesting; without the overview, it is as confusing as life! I have organized each topic into various 'topics' and 'levels'. Level 0 implies must know. Level 1 is to test your interest; while level 2 is to deepen your knowledge. The primary aim is to complete bachelor's level education by the age of 18, masters by 19-20; a Ph. D. by about 25. This way, a research path becomes easier to "settle" down biologically - when researchers settle by the age of 30-35, child rearing becomes problematic. Of course, this assumes current societal structure - what if old people became healthier? What if immortality became real? Well, thinking about things in this way is giving me an overly optimistic view - the kind most of my friends share - that view ignores society, and focuses on the "enrichment of the self". If a 100 people are pursuing that view, let 10 people pursue this - let us see where each view leads us to - after all, diversity (and not monotonocity is necessary). Besides, it is hoped that this will help alleviate the gap between literate and illiterate - both, in terms of thinking, and knowledge.

This HyperTextBook has been written with a target age of 10-11 years. For this edition, firstly, a test is needed to be conducted as to whether the target audience can really digest the material here.

The book works well with Firefox and UC Browser, but not with Chrome, Dolphin, HTML viewer, etc on Android, due to issues I don't yet understand.

I felt Mathematics, Sciences, Political Science, ICT, Health to be the most important topics - all of them have not yet been covered. Feel free to make suggestions. Contributions are welcome.
